Add --initrd option (#1350)
systemd/mkosi: docs/initrd.md

# Building a custom initrd and using it in a mkosi image

> To build an image with a mkosi-built initrd:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building an image with a mkosi-built initrd is a two step process, because you will build two images - the initrd and your distribution image.
```

> 1. Build an initrd image. You can for example build a **compressed** `cpio`
> archive with mkosi for any distribution containing the packages `systemd` and `udev`:

Reviewer: Maybe a bit more assertive
```suggestion
1. Build an initrd image using the `cpio` output format with the same target distribtution as you want to use for your distribution image. mkosi compresses the `cpio` output format by default.
```
I'm not sure the notes on udev and systemd are necessary, since we already pull them in everywhere, no?

Reviewer 2: We don't pull in udev by default unless it's a bootable image

Reviewer: Ah, brain fart on my side, I thought systemd would generally pull in udev, but of course, it doesn't. 

But then maybe we should just pull udev in automatically when building initrds, because I guess we'll only want to support initrds with udev and systemd as init?

```
[Output]
Format=cpio

[Content]
Packages=systemd
         udev
         kmod
```

> 2. Invoke `mkosi` passing the initrd image via the `--initrd` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Invoke `mkosi` passing the initrd image via the `--initrd` option or add the `Initrd=` option to your mkosi config when building your distribution image.
```
